>> Bianca Gandolfo: We
created our data structure.
We have an ability to insert nodes,
build our tree,
build up our recommendations and
questions, right?
Maybe, we could get there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, still confused?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, we'll keep
going, unless you stop me, all right.
So we have our data structure, we need
to do something useful with it, right?
So we built it,
now let's run an algorithm on it.
Seems reasonable,
seems like the logical next step.
We have the thing,
now let's do something with it.
So I think a good starting point for
this is just to count
the number of recommendations
that our chat-bot can recommend.
How might we differentiate
a recommendation from a question?
>> Speaker 2: It wouldn't
have any children.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, yeah, so
if we get to a node that doesn't have
any children,
that can be a recommendation.
So just like we had to go down a path,
we have our recommendation.
Any other ways that we can do it?
>> Speaker 3: Depends on the tree, right?
Cuz if it's binary, then you could just
assume that it's only two, right or no?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Well, so
our recommendation is binary,
actually cuz we have yes and no.
So each question will only
have two options, yes and no.
>> Speaker 3: So each node would be
the same, you could extrapolate then from
the nodes the recommendation,
the number of recommendations?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But how?
>> Speaker 3: You can look for
the yes or no keys in the object.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So maybe if it's
a recommendation we don't have a yes or
no option?
>> Speaker 3: Yes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, cool,
all reasonable.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So here's our tree,
we have our questions and
then we have our recommendations, so,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: This
looks familiar, right?
So if you were to adapt your tree with
insert child, what would be the different?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: You
guys just did the exercise,
what are the different
about building this?
All right, let's take a look.